Smart Contract Based Loan Management

This Assignment contains the code written to run a Smart Contract for a loan management system in Solidarity. I have used Remix IDE for writting and testing the code.

Instructions to test the contract and an explaination of its functions:
    
    1) reqLoan: Takes input of principle rate and interest and calls the compundInterest function to calculate the compund interest in a variable toPay. If the input is given in correct format then the address of the caller gets stored in a mapping which maps to the value owed to that address by the Owner of the contract. Anybody can call this and hence its public and also it alters the state variable 'loans' so it cant be either pure or view. It returns the truth value of its successful execution. This function also emits the event that the caller has requested the owner to settle his due.

    2) sendCoin: Function has no use in the testing of our written contract and is a predefined member of the contract MetaCoin. We could change the scope of the function to internal for better suiting our use but that has not been implemented in this code.

    3) settleDues: This funciton can be called only by the Owner as it uses a modifier and allows the Owner to settle dues he owes to the input address by accessing the sendCoin function inherited. And returns the result of the operation as a boolean.

    4) getBalace: Is an inherited function from the contract MetaCoin and is used to return the balance of the argument address. It is public and is 'view' type so that it doesnt alter anything.

    5) getCompoundInterest: Returns the compound interest generated by the arguments passes viz. principle, rate of interest (input as a number by 0 and 100 and do not add '%' after the number), and the number of times to be compounded (=number of years*number of times compounded in a year). It is a funtion of the type pure as it doesnt access or alter the state variables.

    6) getOwnerBalance: Returns the balance of the owner of the contract. Is public so that anyone can access and is only used to view so is of the type 'view'.

    7) viewDues: This function takes an address as an input and is used to settle the dues. Only the owner is allowed to call this function. The number of coins mentioned in the loans[address] will be settled by the function by calling the inherited sendCoin function. It returns the truth value of the transaction success.

At the starting when the contract's constructor is invoked it stores the owner's address in a private variable called Owner of the type address.

Ps. I don't know if there is a file type for Solidity so I have attached my code in a text file. I have used Remix IDE to write and test my code so i'll suggest the same be used to assess and evaluate the code.